Add missing meta descriptions (#235)
mongodb/docs-php-library: source/reference/method/MongoDBCollection-dropIndex.txt

MongoDB\\Collection::dropIndex()
================================

.. meta::

>    :description: Drop an index from a collection using `MongoDB\Collection::dropIndex()` with options for session, write concern, and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :description: Drop an index from a collection with the MongoDB PHP Library, with options for session, write concern, and more.
```
